replay: capacitor (#6143)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/session-replay/setup/javascript.capacitor.mdx

To set up the integration, add the following to your Sentry initialization. Several options are supported and passable using the integration constructor. See the [configuration documentation](/javascript/guides/capacitor/session-replay/configuration/) for more details.

> 

Author: The minimal supported version of the Sentry SDK for Capacitor is 0.11.0.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

The minimal supported version of the Sentry SDK for Capacitor is 0.11.0.

```

> To set up the integration, add the following to your Sentry initialization. Several options are supported and passable using the integration constructor. See the [configuration documentation](/javascript/guides/capacitor/session-replay/configuration/) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several options are supported and passable using the integration constructor. See the [configuration documentation](/javascript/guides/capacitor/session-replay/configuration/) for more details. To set up the integration, add the following to your Sentry initialization:
```

> The minimal supported version of the Sentry SDK for Capacitor is 0.11.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>
The minimal supported version of Sentry's SDK for Capacitor is 0.11.0.
</Note>
```

```javascript {tabTitle: ESM}
import * as Sentry from '@sentry/capacitor';
import { Replay } from "@sentry/replay";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",

>   // This sets the sample rate to be 10%. You may want this to be 100% while
>   // in development and sample at a lower rate in production
>   replaysSessionSampleRate: 0.1,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // This sets the sample rate at 10%. You may want this to be 100% while
  // in development, then sample at a lower rate in production.
  replaysSessionSampleRate: 0.1,
```

  // If the entire session is not sampled, use the below sample rate to sample
  // sessions when an error occurs.
  replaysOnErrorSampleRate: 1.0,

  integrations: [
    new Replay({
      // Additional SDK configuration goes in here, for example:
      maskAllText: true,
      blockAllMedia: true,
    }),
  ],
});
```

> With the settings above, session replays with errors are always captured.
> You can verify that with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Session replays with errors, will always be captured with the settings above.
Verify it with the following:
```

> Several options are supported and passable using the integration constructor. See the [configuration documentation](/javascript/guides/capacitor/session-replay/configuration/) for more details. To set up the integration, add the following to your Sentry initialization:

Author: ```suggestion
Several options are supported and passable using the integration constructor. See the [configuration documentation](/platforms/javascript/guides/capacitor/session-replay/configuration/) for more details. To set up the integration, add the following to your Sentry initialization:
```
